update steps in upgrading-central-components.rst (#8921)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/upgrade-guide/upgrading-central-components.rst

#. (Recommended) Export customizations from the Wazuh dashboard. This step helps to preserve visualizations, dashboards, and other saved objects in case there are any issues during the upgrade process.

   #. Navigate to **Dashboard management** > **Dashboards Management** > **Saved objects** on the Wazuh dashboard.

>    #. Select which objects to export and click **Export** or **Export all objects**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Select the objects to export and click **Export**, or click **Export all objects** to export everything.
```
